Add doc improvements related to environment and IdP configurations for Dev Portal (#1793)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/developer-docs/docs/administer/configure-exposed-environments-to-developer-portal.md

# Configure Exposed Environments to Developer Portal

> The Choreo Developer Portal allows external developers to discover and consume APIs published by your organization. You can control APIs from which environments are visible and accessible through the Developer Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Choreo Developer Portal enables external developers to discover and consume APIs published by your organization. Through the Choreo Console, you can manage which API environments are visible and accessible in the Developer Portal.
```

WDYT?

> Follow these steps to manage which environments are visible in the Developer Portal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to configure which environments are visible in the Developer Portal:
```
